want to ever throw the government set up
fascist utopia dark wheels are turning
i started up a security fire you are
we're too self-hearted to be a
businessman
you'll be eating up this great nation of
ours
is at war with itself who did you talk
to
give me the name thomas
take a hold of yourself oh i am so sorry
if you have any medical expenses call me
my card
pennyworth security
you were in the army ten years didn't it
bother you still does
[Music]
call us when you've got thomas wayne
will do a swap
i want to use taking this way as my
sharpish oh what else
i have him smashing if they kill me
they have to kill you
all of them are wearing these raven
society
we will take back this country from the
corrupt weaklings we will need men like
you
think about what you're doing alfred
i'll be back
i'll be back who is the leader of the
ravens society
i'm the leader i'm trying to build a
nice business so i can settle down and
have kids
suicide missions are not part of the
plan alfie
you have forgotten who you are send lord
harwood to
[Music]
the to keep him alive
but break him what's happened to bet
sykes
we've had no word what did your father
do he's a vicar
of salisbury well then why haven't i met
your old man because he's bloody tedious
she's hanging under a hood for the long
brass murder next bank holiday
i'm very much in love with esme sir
that's why i'm here
to request your permission to marry her
i will disinherit her will you marry me
yes yes i will
[Applause]
i'm martha kane how can i help you miss
kay i need a driver bodyguard your
advertisement says ex-military
i've dreamt of vet sykes all night i
dreamt that she was waiting for me at my
bus stop on good street
ten thousand quid and she's got plenty
more work for us
what's the bad news she's a no name
she thinks you're dead that's romantic
intim
coming back to life tell the prime
minister i have seen his last days
coming
are you doing well enough you'd be
thinking you're good enough resume is
that right
east is east and west is west to near
this one for every ounce of blood i
spill
he will pay the nation will rise in my
name and he will die
john ripper runs the east end you don't
know what he does to people who
disrespect him
you've met fellow christian come along
with me
you were sent here to find and
assassinate the leader of the raven
society
i'm the new leader that you came here to
kill you work for martha kane
who works for thomas wayne who works for
the no name league
stop working against your queen or
you'll all hang
kill we were told to find out your name
but you killed mrs darkness
that was an accident
[Music]
this woman is my sister you followed me
all the way to goddamn europe
i am here on business patricia but i
persuaded him
this is on me this is my fault but you
don't know who i am
jason jason ripper would you [ __ ] your
mum to save her life gold howard
what's going on i know him
look it's my old boss hi lord
james howard i'm not hardwood
all right esme was killed to make you
suffer
her killer is watching you squirm you
know who killed her
you'll give me the name if i do
something for you first i
i got a distinct sense they know they
know i'm cia well
we're losing the battle on the streets
we want to truce we'll ask them to
arrange a meeting between myself and
francis gaunt to discuss
terms and we'll kill him you have to
succeed tonight
if you want that name i have a job for
you if you're interested
the widow mrs thwaite has been appointed
pro tem leader pending elections
england will soon be yours margo who
hates you
so much that your death isn't enough
what do you see silly
that man tortured me he destroyed my
life
he has to die so you want to call a
truce we do
sincerely why doesn't nice americans
decide to go like you mixed up with a
no-name week
i could ask the same of you this is my
sister patricia could i leave with you
for a few hours
he has been waiting all this time to pay
me back a little too late my friend
i'm glad you know the truth do you like
parties martha
who the hell is this guy alistair is a
satanist
oh i love her already
how did youtube end up working together
we're not with the no-name league next
you'll tell me you're not spying on them
for the cia
what do you want crowley i want your
soul of course
my god james hello francis
i shall reveal myself publicly and then
i will destroy my enemies
and lead this country back to greatness
thomas will you please tell us what
happened we were never there you
understand
anything
oh i don't even know his first name just
clean his house that's all
have you any idea where he's gone the
raven society
is on the cusp of a new dawn
it'll shock the world are you
with me you're supposed to be dead
well i'm not
[Music]
will you come with me to london
both of you really will i have a battle
ahead you knew who killed esme
and you covered it up protect my son
and i promise you're my vote i'll do it
a public rally that warrants the risk of
arrest
lord james howard
do now his father has political claps
you know the rest i just need to raise
my finger well galah rise your finger
send in the heavy brigade arrest
everyone
[Music]
i'm afraid this is going to create a lot
of trouble for all of us
if the queen should prove to be
reluctant then we will need to find an
alternative
we will need to find a replacement my
dad's got cancer
he's dying tell me what's on your mind
you seem troubled we've given you up for
dead i i feel like i'm dreaming
no things are going to get pretty nasty
i'm not sure you should be involved
that's exactly why i can't stop you from
working for the no-name week i'm just
saying think about it the pm once you've
buried it alive
seven years take him down are you
willing to kill to get out of here
thomas you must take martha with you to
the negotiations i'm in
what are the negotiations the ravens and
the no names
are negotiating an electoral pact lord
howard hand the no name patsy's has to
go
the prime minister tried to kill me and
now the crisis is here
if the queen is with you then we are the
queen is with me
what's all this wailing mother the
police wanted him to do a murder and he
wouldn't so he's going on the road
[Music]
now listen i'm gonna hold the phone for
you and you're going to read this here
just
i am safe and healthy
and among friends i command the
immediate
resignation of the government i appoint
lord harvard as my new prime minister
prime minister we will shortly have full
control of the capital
you have 24 hours to resign thomas
i was just about to ask miss kaine she
knew where you were
i'm trying to get out of the country but
it seems like every copper in london's
out looking for me
harwood is staging a coup he's got the
army on side and he's abducted
your majesty remember me
there's no one else here ah
it's too easy general
listen to me very closely
[Music]
happy to assure you i am safe
and among friends you're supposed to be
gone
well i'll change my mind didn't fancy it
for all you to promise me
that you'll always think well of me when
i'm gone
the old guard die they do not surrender
[Music]
he was one of them comedic sexes all
very well
[Music]
i'm sorry son god bless england
you